Denise Anne Silva is 20 years old. She is born on September 30 1997. She currently lives in San Mateo, Rizal. She studied at Marikina Science High School last 2014 and studied Computer science at De La Salle University last 2018. She worked as Internship at Propelrr since January 2017 until March 2017.

The Foodie
She is a pasta lover. She describes that carbonara is delicious. She eats lasagna, pesto and spaghetti. She ate lasagna in Banapple at SM North Edsa. She craves spaghetti in Jollibee. She gave positive sentiment on creamy pesto since she said "first time to try and it's delicious". She is a coffee lover. She describes that coffee is good and that coffee is good. She eats sisig. She ate sisig in Giligans with Maria Dela Paz, Alex Santos. She eats dinner. She ate dinner in Greenwich at SM Mall of Asia.


She likes pages such as Babe's Steak Wings and More, Firefly Roofdeck, Kalye Luna Food Project, Food Safety Trends PH and Juwi's Oreo Stuffed Chocolate Chip Cookies.


She is interested in events such as Unliversary Unli-Pizza at Yellow Cab, La Salle, Coke Studio Live: Bringing Music Back to Marawi and Basic Baking. She attended event such as Yakimix Gbolss and MUNI Meetup: Feeding The Food Revolution.

The Sports Fanatic
She likes to play basketball. She is part of Tiger Cubs. She played basketball at Binonda Manila with Renz Perez, Andrew Dela Cruz, Sean Cruz. She won Marist Liga 2017 Champion. She is a fan of Miami Heat and Lakers. She is a fan of DLSU who won UAAP '80 Champion. She watched DLSU at DLSU vs ADMU last December 15 2017. She gave positive sentiment on basketball since she said "basketball is life and my passion". She likes to play table tennis. She played table tennis at Makati Sports Club and with Ken Alvarez.







The Fangirl/Fanboy
She is a fan of Ed Sheeran. She watched concert of Ed Sheeran at MOA Arena with Angela Lim. She will watch Ed Sheeran live in Manila at MOA Concert Grounds on November 07 2018. She bought album of Ed Sheeran at Mall of Asia. She gave positive sentiment on Ed Sheeran since she said "good singer". She is a fan of High School Musical. She describes High School Musical as favorite childhood movie. She gave positive sentiment on High School Musical since she said "I want to watch it again". She is a fan of Sarah Geronimo. She describes Sarah Geronimo as great singer of all time. She watched concert of Sarah Geronimo at Araneta Coliseum with Mickey Luiz.







The Gamer
She plays League of Legends which is an online game. She played League of Legends at Mineski Infinity Taft with Eric Cruz, Mark Buenaventura. In fact, she won Online Tournament 2nd Place. She went Rampage 2017 at World Trade Center with Alex Diaz last July 30 2017. Other than that, she is a fan of ROX Tigers who won World Tournament 2017 Champion. She gave negative sentiment on League of Legends since she said "annoying, we lose again". She plays Uncharted which is a video game. She played Uncharted with Eric Cruz, Mark Buenaventura. In fact, she won first place. She gave positive sentiment on Uncharted since she said "it's so fun to play.. stress reliever".







